OLAP cubes.
Once we are done building our facts and dimension tables,
we are now in a position to start querying,
and exploring, and getting insights.
The typical way of doing this is that we take a combination of dimensions like,
for example, the movie itself,
the movie title, and the branch store or the city where the branch is located,
and we sum up the sales.
So, this is actually a fact metric dimension,
another dimension, and we have also here a third dimension, which is the month.
So, you can see that these are the three dimensions of the cube.
Naturally, a cube can have more dimensions if
we grouped the data by more dimensions, if you so wish.
The nice thing about that,
that this is a model which is easy communicate the bill to business users.
Once we have this abstraction in mind, users usually,
who are trained in dealing with those OLAP cubes,
would think in terms of rolling up,
drilling down, slicing, and dicing those OLAP cubes.